39 yeah the boat oh wait your head is
bobbing a bigger boat off in shock jack
bummer get your order right it's a
brawling Cooper back 14 movie get noise
[ __ ] you can bet your bottom dollar
hang up on and they put a guy even with
the door lid on it moving on your left
I'll call back in the freezer a call my
mailing it yes you get gonna clap
realized no gonna run amok on that 100
West quick control with my hand roll the
ball or hang it yeah yeah I my brush in
my foot and on the liquor pick a [ __ ]
fo de ma yeah
mais je dis is ghosh's place now
watching a while i'll stick the truth
like baking like this blue reproduce you
look I'll give me a boost no I came the
crash through rock the house go down the
mountain blog will attack great job like
a fully out the box you walk they don't
stop do I strike you like chrome o'clock
that stretches through the president big
rush right legs when I speak it's like
Beverly I program the flock oops
slamming sound proof when I did rob the
alley stories you gonna help jay-z I see
you in the house with the world man were
not questioning it home again home again
magic overhead let the cow complicate
blow a great ok like the water flow [ __ ]
whatever biscuits bogolyubov age mo
better ah not smooth and diarrhea or
duck I will hump up like our knees up
true Walker muffin drink booze truck
I'll be Top Gun like John crew so check
me our demolition crew cooking rack me
your get me or four brothers but when he
sucks me hey i left that bloody goal at
me I'm there [ __ ] don't got the balls
the beach road kill i wreck another
click from the hell the md plan never
bring up a bail I feel 80 now like I'll
be more across the peppers on on my way
to my team up stay out the way you're
you're my kids play blown out your
framing by your who danger age but why
you like me now coming down like the lip
and dad this is from the underground cuz
I got off the port bow for the bucket
just a fool I'll be the toughest hombre
inizia ports like y'all do meet me in
the middle of town at high noon we can
go ahead forehead chalky jaw take two
steps turn around and bra black let the
drone float inhale roughly [ __ ] down
at the ok corral but it ain't okay to
say you what I'll say wait wait I move
like a cat on the freeway I rock now
love to get father bit you can kiss
these grits at no Donna you're one to
pull the gun not the trigger just like a
picket user but I pick up put you in a
hole go Lord that's akin messing with
the rule what the hell was your thinking
up big this camp you get dog cover your
eyes open your loot and your drugs pam
pam say a white slate you're asking the
dawn get down freaking a damn skippy
you're with the wrong hit me with that
[ __ ] that always you may get me open
like a crack will be token on the cracks
hey my friend wut you smoking damn it
mouth my smell in the air yeah yeah when
you're done their profit here partner
y'all imma beast i got mcdonald I'll do
in the summer my whistle get my wallet
your honor can I get away brothers are
the name right wait up a bit this Oh
watch me blow [ __ ] tippy toe on the down
low and whoa till your show ladies am
[ __ ] say ho baby get the burner cuz on
my buckle bro brother
play my change problem you're gonna get
y'all know represent